Call Seba/Dinis/Francois

Topics
1) short update on Doodle (10 responses so far) + who else to send this to in the coming days?
2) update on list of potential venues: where are these listed?
3) extra elements for the budget simulation?
    10K from SAMM project
    people paying their own ticket
    sponsored tickets (companies, chapters)
    seed funds from OWASP
    ...?
4) Official statement on the co-marketing with DevSecCon 

Actions Next Week
Seba plans on sending out the email to the chapter leaders this week-end 
Seba to add some more assumptions/details to the budget (to prep the board call on 30-Nov)


Notes:
