### call 23-Mar-2017 / GoToMeeting

participants: Dinis / Seba / Francois / Johanna

**Agenda:**
1) workshops (Dinis)
2) staff support (Dinis)
3) new design website (dinis/francois)
4) getting more peeps to register (all)

notes:
------
Dinis working on new design web site
focus on getting more content on page http://owaspsummit.org/new/working-sessions.html
animate logo: boxes / assembling towards logo - use this on twitter
involve/send support requests to Johanna to get this done + add to a tracking request page in the logistics part of GitHub (all)
Francois has done 2 podcasts (secure app developer, ...)
once the working session details become more clear, we can start with a high level schedule

closed actions:
---------------
Update the logo and create a banner (Francois?) - Lisa 
Add Workshop on SOC/DevSecOps - Francois
Improve the Threat Modeling call - Dinis - done
send email to past summit mailing lists (Dinis) - done seba
create discount code for supported/sponsored people (Seba) - done

open actions:
-------------
recover mailing list previous owasp summits (seba - requested to Kate) - ongoing
Crosscheck github with registered people (with logos of companies?). (Seba)
Figure out how to support the first batch of owasp leaders that need support (http://owaspsummit.org/Logistics/Participants-need-support.html) - done
create a mailing list of registered participants (Seba)
link all these actions to github issues (summit editor - Nicki?)
update home page with registration text #141
budget check to calculate impact of making the price incl VAT.
check with venue what the charged VAT is and check with Alison what can be recovered? (Seba)
include regonline fee as a cost (check with Kate) (Seba)
ask gary to have a spot to promote the summit at the conference (Seba)
add more details to OWASP Projects Reviews (Dinis)
add more details to OWASP SAMM (Seba)
add more detail to mobile security (Francois)
resend tweetdeck invite to francois (Seba)
invite summit editors for the next calls (Seba)

follow-up actions points:
-------------------------
contact participants to register (Seba)
create one line description per workshop (editors)
invite editors for the next summit calls (seba)
reply to lisa with summary of ideas (dinis/francois)
followup on getting access to the mailing lists (Johanna)
create summit flyers for the chapter meetings / appseceu - A5 
(Dinis: content - Lisa: layout - seba: ask to input in appseceu brochure)
create updated powerpoint deck - 5/6 slides (Dinis)
testing guide villa - Matteo (Dinis)
promote "featured" working sessions during the next couple of weeks (Dinis/Lisa) - SAMM, mobile security, TM, Testing Guide, ...
and use our own channels to promote these ....
updating the sponsorship page (who still needs support) - Dinis









